Apply suggestions from code review

Co-authored-by: Copilot <175728472+Copilot@users.noreply.github.com> (#616)
d-morrison/rme: _subfiles/Linear-models-overview/_def-residual-deviation.qmd

:::{#def-deviation-subpop-mean}
#### Deviation of an observation from its subpopulation mean

The **deviation of an observation from its subpopulation mean**
in a probabilistic model $p(Y \mid X)$,
is the difference between an observed value
and its model-implied mean given covariates:

$$\devn(y_i) \eqdef y_i - \E{Y_i \mid X_i}$$ {#eq-def-deviation-subpop-mean}
:::

:::{.notes}
Many sources call deviations "error" or "noise."
The model-implied mean
can be viewed as an estimate of $Y_i$,
before $y_i$ is observed.
However, an estimation error is defined as an estimate minus its estimand
(see [estimation error](estimation.qmd#def-estimation-error)),

> and deviation is the observed value minus its estimand,
> so the deviation is actually the *negative* of the estimation error of the mean $\E{Y_i \mid X_i}$
> with respect to its estimand $Y_i$:
> 
> $$\devn(y_i) = -\paren{\E{Y_i \mid X_i} - y_i}$$
> 
> On the other hand,
> each observation $y_i$ can be viewed
> as an estimate of $\mu_i = \E{Y_i \mid X_i}$
> (albeit an imprecise one, individually, since $n=1$),
> so the deviation can be interpreted as the estimation error of $y_i$ 
> with respect to $\E{Y_i \mid X_i}$:

Author: ```suggestion
each observation $y_i$ can be viewed
as a nonparametric estimate of $\mu_i = \E{Y_i \mid X_i}$
(albeit an imprecise one, individually, since $n=1$):

$$y_i = \hmu_i^{(NP)}$$

Thus, the deviation can be interpreted as the estimation error of $y_i$ 
with respect to $\E{Y_i \mid X_i}$:
```
